Look at you
Just because you engrave something during the game
He was also taken care of by Ma Shoufu
Now alerted the president of the International Olympic Committee
I see how the people in Zhaojiacun will end soon.
Hahaha
Chairperson, you are here
Chairperson, I have divorced Zhao Daming long ago
And I'm with Zhao Ruolan, this trash
It doesn't matter.
My son Takahashi was wronged for a long time
Zhu Qi
I can vouch for it with my Fujianese Takahashi wine
You really have nothing to do with Zhao Ruolan
Hey, yes, yes, that's great.
Zhao Ruolan's East-West District Competition
The president of the Olympic Committee was alerted
It's good to have you
Zhao Ruolan
Congratulations on winning the weightlifting championship in this Olympic Games
And an unprecedented champion.
What? Zhao Ruolan is the weightlifting champion this time